Ben add tools params (#22)
fixie-ai/ultradox: docs/src/content/docs/api/tools.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Tool Parameters
Tool parameters define what gets passed in to your backend service when the tool is called. When creating a tool, parameters are defined as one of three types:
<Steps>

> 1. **Dynamic** → The model will choose which values to pass. Can be overridden (see [below](./#parameter-overrides)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Dynamic** → The model will choose which values to pass. These are the parameters you'd use for a single-generation LLM API. Can be overridden (see [below](./#parameter-overrides)).
```

> 1. **Static** → Value is known and unconditionally set when the call starts. Not exposed to or set by the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Static** → Value is known when the tool is defined and is unconditionally set on invocations. Not exposed to or set by the model.
```

> 1. **Automatic** → Automatically set by the system. Not known when the call starts but known at tool invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Automatic** → Like "Static", except that the value may not be known when the tool is defined but will instead be populated by the system when the tool is invoked.
```

</Steps>

### Dynamic Parameters
Dynamic parameters will have their values set by the model. Creating a dynamic parameter on a tool looks like this:

```javascript
// Adding a dynamic parameter to a stock price tool
{
  "name": "stock_price",
  "description": "Get the current stock price for a given symbol",
  "dynamicParameters": [
    {
      "name": "symbol",
      "location": "PARAMETER_LOCATION_QUERY",
      "schema": {
        "type": "string",
        "description": "Stock symbol (e.g., AAPL for Apple Inc.)"
      },
      "required": true
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Parameter Overrides
You can choose to set static values for dynamic parameters when you start a call. The model won't see any parameters that you override. When creating a call simply pass in the overrides with each tool:

```javascript
// Overriding dynamic parameter when starting a new call

> // Always set the color to 'green'
> {
>   "model": "fixie-ai/ultravox-70B",
>   "systemPrompt": ...
>   "selectedTools": [
>     "toolName": "colorPicker",
>     "parameterOverrides": {
>       "color": "green"
>     }
>   ]
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Always set the stock symbol to 'NVDA'
{
  "model": "fixie-ai/ultravox-70B",
  "systemPrompt": ...
  "selectedTools": [
    "toolName": "stock_price",
    "parameterOverrides": {
      "symbol": "NVDA"
    }
  ]
}
```

(Seems useful to relate this to your parameter definition above.  Up to you.)

```

Parameter overrides don't make sense for temporary tools. Instead of overriding a dynamic parameter, use a static parameter instead.

### Static Parameters
If you have parameters that are known at the time you create the tool, static parameters can be used.

```javascript
// Adding a static parameter to a stock price tool
{
  "name": "stock_price",
  "description": "Get the current stock price for a given symbol",
  "staticParameters": [
    {

>       "name": "close_date",

Reviewer: This seems like something that ought to be an automatic parameter (not that it's something we support right now - just seems like we could have a better example).  Should this maybe be start_date?  Or maybe something more generic like adding a utm=ultravox query param?

Author: yeah will change to utm idea

      "location": "PARAMETER_LOCATION_QUERY",
      "value": "2024-06-01"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Automatic Parameters

> Automatic parameters are used when you don't want the model to specify the value and you don't know the value when the tool is created. The primary use case for automatic parameters today is for using the `call_id` that is generated for the current call and then passing it as a unique identifier to your tool.

Reviewer: fwiw, you can also use automatic parameters to include the call's messages.  I added this just a few minutes ago to support call update tools.

Author: added a mention
